orbit:

adjust for leapfrog


evo:

instant response to keystrokes - how?  sleep periodically?

automate preparing an image for deviantart

don't require genomes to be of one exact size

direct image generation via tusl commands, like Pan

expensive to recompile for every tile?

memory leak?  when i use small tiles it gets more sluggish over time.
maybe that's because stuff only gets freed after a whole picture is
done?  uh, that idea doesn't make much sense.  still, look into it.

number output PPMs consecutively across runs, with a file giving the
next number to use, or something.

breeding

record pedigrees

coord system calculated wrong when tiles don't fill screen exactly?

big image filling the whole sdl window, not discretized to thumbnail grid

handle tall, narrow aspect ratio properly

darker color model as alternative to hwb

blit thumbnails to the screen individually, rather than a full show after each

ensure random seed is repeatable so that equal thumbnails are identical
(already done?)

try just getting rid of tiling

undo

generate .png directly?  will Windows Explorer show thumbnails of PNGs
for us?  In general, is there an image format that's
 - lossless
 - carries metadata we can stuff the genome into
 - displayable as a thumbnail in the file manager
 - simple to generate?


turtles:

get conditionals to actually have a visible effect

'b' command as in evo

save/restore/etc

handle mouse-click outside grid


tusl:

floating point math ops are buggered

help C programs to be designed for transparency, not just for scriptability 
(vague requirement -- please refine)

tracebacks 
actually just printing the name of the word we're in at the
time of the error would help

source-location info for compiled words

dynamic loading

tracing doesn't print the # word for some reason?
that's only at the top-level interpreter that it's a problem
(since we're not calling #, we're pushing the number directly)


done:

allow shorter evo-state file

batch generation without needing a full evo-state file
(though it'd be nice if i didn't have to edit it)

check for conflicting primitive defs
(add some kind of module system?)
just always warn on redefs, for now

full dependencies in makefile

access to command-line args (via command-line tusl commands)

bug - everything goes blank after 3rd generation

cadge ui code from evo

frame each tile

mouse-handler bug?

rename rc files

colors

cache thumbnails

cut down on duplicate images in mutation grid

keystroke or mouse button to append a single genome to the save file

load a random assortment from the save file

make it look more interesting somehow

diffusion

get yin-yang displaying again

refactor active-turtle list to accommodate conditionals

add conditionals

